there's the traditional magic
trick opposing the rabbit out of
a hat and these and card tricks
and generally we think of our
attention being sort of
misdirected rather than there
being an illusion and Susanna
tell me about the kinds of
misdirection that exists but we
tend to think that would
magicians though is they
distract us from the phase that
they don't want to see and and
this is not correct with
magicians rather than the
structure with magicians do is
they're extremely good at
directing your attention to the
place and the moments in time
where they wanted to be paying
attention to and then your brain
will bridge the magicians best
accomplish because whenever
you're paying attention to
something your brain just
depresses everything else paying
attention is not enhancing what
you're paying attention to is
blocking everything else that is
not relevant
it's quite a show and of course
teller doesn't speak in my
interview here nor does he speak
onstage and so I just had to
complement the show that I saw I
was very impressed and I seen
them on TV and it's got to be in
real life to really believe the
allusion to see what what's
what's really goin down so I I
gave him you know I complimented
them on their work in the to see
their reaction he is so good you
are you are so I can talk to him
is what you're so good with your
body language in your facial
expressions we all knew exactly
what you were thinking and
saying or at least wanted us to
think you were thinking with the
idea of being able to live
without speaking you know one of
the things you learn most in
magic there's no better live
than lawyer tell yourselves now
in Vegas we only show with the
bullet catch which is seen that
done on a cruise ship
well because it in your teeth
you don't but that's what looks
like a more complex when this is
done
behind a glass and the other
side of the table that is signed
it in a way that it is true that
breaks the glass and he recalls
his head and pulled it out in
there it is and it has it's a
it's it's an interesting trip
because at least 15 people have
died on stage doing the most
dangerous trick it in show
business really and we do a
version that we believe is safe
we would not do it because it
would be immoral to do it if it
were not safe but the bullet
catch now if I say to you you
know we're gonna catch a
bulletin or teeth you saying no
you're not
of course so we never ever say
we're gonna catch a ball in our
teeth we're gonna move the
bullet from this side of the
stage to that side of the stage
using this magic want holding up
a god now what you do is you
don't give the audience a
sentence had taken saying no to
and let them fill in the blanks
so after the show they say that
you caught the ball in your
teeth is great but I never said
it so when you say something so
when telander doesn't speak
onstage and he just allows you
to make all these assumptions he
is functioning as he's fooling
you with lies you're telling
yourself